just get the small talk i'm gonna start
off by asking you guys three questions
so the first question is are any of you
going through any sort of personal
struggle right now
yeah okay second question is do you feel
that you have someone in your life with
whom to share in that struggle
yes no alright and the third question is
do any of you guys watch mad men so I
know I'm Way behind on my seasons i just
started getting into netflix and the
other night while watching season number
2 episode 12 of madmen I heard Anna
Draper say this to a very lost
Donald Draper she said the only thing
keeping you from being happy is the
belief that you are alone and this quote
really resonated with me because that's
exactly how I felt when I left sunny
Southern California three years ago to
start my freshman year of college and
northwestern university so this is a
picture of me my freshman year of
college first week of school lets me in
the top left corner and another question
for you guys have you ever been out at
like a party or event or out with your
friends and someone's like let's take a
picture and even though you were totally
in the mood to take a picture you
weren't really feeling that great you
still like smiled in the picture and
ended up making it to Facebook and
everyone saw it
you're like that was me at that event
and so that's kind of what happened at
this picture and also this picture when
I was out at a party that same week and
so these pictures they made it to
facebook i was smiling them all my
friends all they like it looks like
you're having a great time in college
and that's not really how I felt on the
inside and this is a picture of my diary
that I started writing in that same
first week of college and
actually have it right here with me i'm
going to read you my very first diary
entry September 27 2012 i wish i could
start out my first entry within an
ecstatic code about life or how I love
college so much but since this is a
personal journal I can be honest and say
I've never remembered feeling more lost
my entire life I only three-quarters
know that everything will work out and
I'll be okay
I miss home and being surrounded by
people who know me so well and let me
for all that I am and so that whole
first year of college I was plagued by
this one question Who am I
I really had felt that I lost my
identity and leaving my home in
California leaving my friends behind to
start college for the first time and it
was until the end of my freshman year
when things are a lot better that I had
to learn what Donald Draper didn't
season 2 episode 12 of madmen that the
only thing that had been keeping me from
being happy was the belief that i was
alone and feeling that way my first week
of college and I actually put out this
query over facebook when the last few
weeks of freshman year I said hi
everyone I'm doing my final journalism
project on people struggling to adjust
to college the first year if anyone is
willing to talk to me about it like
please let me know and message me and I
was shocked when within just a couple
hours i got messages from people all
over campus next lot of them expressing
their pain their first year college and
I thought well if only i was able to
talk to these people that first week of
school when I was also feeling lost and
alone and actually one of those people
she she was someone I had met at one of
those parties in the beginning and we
had kind of just met and service level
friends and that last week of school I
interviewed her and we ended up sitting
in the student lounge together and
sharing each other's experiences and
talking about how lonely we had felt an
entire year and we're both like wow if
only we had said this to each other when
we first met we wouldn't have felt so
lonely
and so she ended up becoming one of my
best friends in college and so that was
the end of freshman year and then
sophomore year
things got so much better i ended up
joining a sorority got super involved
with that is really involved with my
projects i started a club or co-founded
club called mix which was the mixture a
student coalition the whole idea was it
didn't matter where you came from what
your background was we all could share
in our mix experiences and so I wouldn't
be going out to all these parties i had
a lot of friends at that point but there
would still be nice when I come home
from an evening out with my friends and
I'd still feel terribly empty inside
that could understand it I just been
with all these people i still felt
pretty lonely and you know one of those
nights I was skyping with one of my
friends from far away and we're having
this very deep philosophical
conversation about life and I said wow I
wish all conversations could be like
this this is awesome and he was like yes
through small talk and I was like wait
yeah screw small talk
I don't even make small talk and I
thought you know what if when talking to
our friends co-workers or even complete
strangers
you could always just skip the small
talk and instead talk about the things
that really mattered in line for things
that were actually really cared about
and wanted to talk about and so I was
like wait
screw small talks giving the small talk
we should make big talk and I thought
the name was kind of cute and I don't
really know what to do with it at the
time but i kinda just like stuck in my
back pocket and just thought about it
for a bit and so that was the end of my
sophomore year college and then the
following summer I was getting very
involved in my journalism program and i
had the opportunity to do some
documentary projects abroad and I spent
three weeks in Ecuador filming a
documentary about education reform and
those three weeks for the best three
weeks of my life
we were traveling throughout the entire
country interviewing strangers everyone
we encounter
entered about education in the country
and it didn't matter if we were like
sliding down the Amazon River or
climbing the andes mountains or salsa
dancing through the colonial streets of
cuenca everywhere we went we were being
open to new people new experiences and
every day was a new adventure and the
picture on the top left right who was
actually taken when one day we had run
into these professors at this university
and invited us into their villa
overlooking the Andes Mountains we ended
up drinking wine with them all evening
and salsa dancing and I was like wow why
doesn't this ever happened with my
college professors back home there's
something different in the way of
approaching life when I'm traveling the
way and more open to people and invites
these kind of magical experiences and
towards the end of my trip I actually
started getting really scared to go back
home to my everyday life
I didn't want to lose that this magic
this magic of being abroad and I thought
you know how can i make everyday life
feel this meaningful and look this
beautiful you know I'd one offered one
more opportunity to travel that summer I
went to Germany to do a documentary
about Paula costs and on one of my last
days in germany i visited the Berlin
Wall and i came upon this question
written on the Berlin Wall it said what
do you want to do before you die and
this question really hit me because you
know i just finished software is going
through my mid college like prices
questioning what's my purpose why am i
studying journals and what do I really
want to do with my life you know
everyone else is asking you that
question to possibly when you come home
for summer break and so I thought about
it like what do I really want to do i
knew in part it was about building
empathy between strangers as I kind of
done through mix and through my
traveling documentary projects and also
knew I'd always want to start a YouTube
channel so that summer I came home I
five weeks before starting my junior
year of college and I kind of took this
question what do you want to do before
you die and i took that
name that inspired me months earlier big
talk and I took the magic I felt from
traveling and approaching strangers and
hearing their life stories and i made
this video and i'm going to play the
first half of it for you for the sake of
time
hi i'm cholena and this is the beginning
of an experiment called big top
I wanted to be able to go out meeting
people and instead of just make small
talk actually have deeper meaningful
conversations with them
kalina get your hand on baby
[Music]
I want to do right by
oh man she's
the question Oh or what do I want to do
when I grow up . like that's a hard one
that's a total just one thing
[Music]
Eleanor has today travel Appalachian
true but the police didn't make a
confession
I'd like to apologize
studies 4050 see my kids graduate
college every moment count without any
other morning dragon probably close like
that it just be happy they be able to
reconcile my father and say I love you
too
I want to have a wife and kids I don't
like an essay on it doesn't fit grade
remember all my friends made fun of me
because everyone was like I want to be I
want to be a sports star movie star and
we happy because I really leave before I
get very bad it was homeless for 13
years old out of my friend it's probably
text all my friends and we take i would
take a road trip to go see someone today
I can't say I would tell them i love
them
they know you love them i think so what
I want to do today or tomorrow or you
can drive tomorrow
be with my bill
if I know the dynamite get on the
airplane to go with my you know if
literally also the most significant
relationship that I have the 18 and
having a baby or dying I'd love to have
Charlie like that way was dying
we had a dog that cuddle right next to
him and would not let fashioning a dog
park in denial thinking I'm gonna happen
I can't
my mom said that the day before she died
that if she were to die tomorrow should
have lived a full life ever in when she
died unexpectedly the next day so this
is a very
personal
question so
family's always been above most
important
[Music]
so that you know and the rest of the
video just through this two questions i
was able to learn so much more about
those strangers life stories and in
making that video I had kind of refound
the magic that I was scared of losing
from traveling and from my experiences
interviewing people and just going out
of my way to talk to people and so I
posted that video to my facebook and i
was shocked when a girl who is an alum
of my university who worked for the
Huffington Post said I saw your video
and i want to write an article about it
and I got so excited and that's what she
did and after that it sort of went viral
and it got featured on on other sites
like USA Today and a week daily and a
few other different blogs and it because
the video went viral
I started getting people from all across
the world reaching out to me about this
video i made it didn't matter who they
were where they came from
I had a rabbi and a Christian Sunday
school teacher both saying you know I
want to use this kind of big talk
strategy with my students I had a
soldier in Israel and a soldier in south
korea both reach out to me over facebook
message and say we don't have enough big
talk in the language i could make they
talked with my fellow soldiers had one
woman reaching out to me over facebook
message and actually started crying and
the student lounge and i was reading
this and she said clean i think you
saved my life watching this video made
me realize that I need to quit smoking
before it's too late and I had a lot of
college students to who said that the
story of you know my loneliness freshman
year really resonated with them also and
it students from the east coast the
Midwest the west coast a lot of
international students to singapore
south africa and i was shocked that
people all over the world that we're
saying the same things and one message
could hit them all the same and i even
had entrepreneurs in San Francisco we're
really intrigued by the idea i like the
name big talk it's like kind of a
two-word like started be named
baby and then I had international models
from Germany thailand saying you know in
the modeling industry there's a lot of
shallowness and we need more big talk
there and this all just came from a
youtube video and a lot of people
expressed a similar sentiment and some
people even said I want to join your
movement and make big talk i was like
wow I never thought of this is a
movement and after that I got so
inspired to turn it into a movement and
I kind of came up with these new
research questions your know how do i
scale Big Talk beyond just my own
YouTube videos
how can we enable strangers to engage in
deeper conversations right away i can we
make it not weird to just skip the small
talk and jump in the Big Talk and then
how do we take these universal life
questions like what do you want to do
before you die which you could ask any
human being that question right and how
do we use them as a tool for building
empathy across boundaries of space and
external proceed differences so I became
really enthralled by these questions and
i started giving talks and workshops
make big top workshops and i created
this deck of tiny cards 90 mini Big Talk
question parts and every question had to
be universal like you can ask anybody
meaningful thought-provoking skip the
small talk and open-ended that I would
elicit a story that you could sit down
with another human and listen and hear
their life story and they were questions
like you know what do you spend too much
time doing what is a new habit you want
to form what is your biggest year and I
became more and more nuanced obsessed
with idea of growing big talk and
there's like I want to you know like I
started reading entrepreneurship logs
like how do you build like a big
movement or kind of enterprise around it
and I was like I'm gonna take this idea
to Silicon Valley and
that's what I did I went to San
Francisco and I let a big talk seminar
at the tail summit and i started hosting
like these dinners with strangers like
big cocks and strangers and I would have
people write their own Big Talk style
questions to ask each other and then I
started spending a lot of time behind my
computer figure out how can i grow big
talk I put up this website where is
putting up all the events and the cars
and everything and then something that
weird started to happen in trying to
grow this movement that was all about it
originally was created out of my own
loneliness freshman year and desire to
meaningfully connect with people I
suddenly found myself feeling very alone
and disconnected to the world i forgot
to mention that i also decided to take
leave of absence from University last
year
halfway through my junior year of
college to work on Big Talk and so a
wise professed once told me know before
you go out and try to feed the world you
need to learn how to feed yourself so
that's what I did I started asking
myself you know how can I scale these
meaningful connections using new
technologies without losing my own
humanity in the process and I was asking
myself these big questions then you know
like who am i and what's most important
in life like why am I so passionate
about Big Talk and I started making big
talk with myself I took the death of 90
many big talk questions and started
using them as journal entries and use
big talk to reconnect with myself and so
now they feel more comfortable with kind
of the understanding why started in the
first place
my original vision holds strong and I'm
ready to kind of embark on it again and
understand that it takes time to figure
out the big stuff we're not gonna figure
it out right away and the ultimate
vision is to use big talk to build a
global empathy through the power of
connection
over sharing stories about our universal
human experiences but also and just as
important to use big talk as a tool for
understanding and connecting with
yourself and in light of the theme of
today's TEDx that may assist I want to
leave you with one more big top question
to ask yourself how can I take what I
learned today to make my life different
tomorrow
thank you