our personality it defines us it would
it's what makes us who we are not just
for my genetics but its form by our life
experiences
Who am I well I'll tell you i'm jessica
ryan and three volumes about myself that
describe me and my personality that I'm
a sailor
I'm a mother and I'm a fitness
enthusiast so let me start off by
telling you are doing the Navy I was one
of those teenagers who didn't want to
get up in the morning for school and I
definitely didn't like being told what
to do you can only imagine the response
i received from your friends family when
I told them I joined the military
instead of applying to college so I
wasn't a bad teenager I did my homework
had a job never got in trouble and I was
pretty mature for my age but I didn't
know the level of maturity is already on
was evacuated to a different level so
shortly after graduation left for boot
camp had a great time can actually loved
it then i went to master Dartz ages a
little incident
antonio texas which was also class then
I got my orders from a very first
student station which was in the
modeling italy now being overseas is a
challenge and it was definitely an
eye-opener
not only was i in the military and 18
years old but I was living on my own for
the very first time and in a foreign
country now not a lot of people can say
that they've done that before so this is
my first step into me becoming
convenient and defining what personality
about a year and a half into my tour of
duty in Italy I met my husband and got
married at the very young age of 20
shortly after I got married I found out
I was pregnant and this was a shock for
me I definitely wasn't prepared for it
but I slowly adapted to fact that i was
going to be a mother and the days of
party more scattered to the wind to
about five months into my pregnancy I
transferred here from Spain my current
food stations and I had to do this all
by myself my husband still
nine months left in Italy and was unable
to transfer with me so I came to road
Spain alone pregnant and very emotional
so I mean I had to be strong i had to be
independent and this was my next step on
becoming who I was a moment after I got
here I had my beautiful sign and he was
a blessing and I think I speak for all
mothers in the world when I say wow
childbirth is an experience and although
it is painful and long
the result is well worth it actually
feel bad for guides that they can
experience what women do your childhood
on so that that was another thing in my
life that was great and not only did
motherhood bring about a lot of
responsibility but it brought on a lot
of baggage little so about six months
after I had my son I decided I need to
get back in shape and what the way it
before I got pregnant but i really want
to feel better about myself
we help you so I started off slow and
really slow but you know couple months
went by and I thought I was losing some
weight i'm seeing results couple more
months went by and the pounds are
literally melting off me
I people I didn't even
coming up to be in the grocery store or
the video heart saying wow you know
you've lost a lot of weight so this was
a great accomplishment for me not only
because I've lost weight but I also
shaved over three minutes off my runtime
for my physical readiness test which
changed my overall fitness from
satisfactory tab standing so nowadays
you'll most likely always see me in the
gym
well now that you know a little bit
about me out hope that you don't just
walk ask me and see me as a co-worker of
class me for another face in the crowd
and hopefully look at me and you'll see
me and just arrived and the responsible
sailor the loving mother and the fitness
