hi good morning everyone thank you for
having me here or thank you for putting
up these red balloons very nice i was
just wondering if you cut them and their
eyes how do you get them off the roof
you put a lot of my name is our my name
is Asher these are god I spend most of
my time writing directing and acting for
Internet videos and shows some of you
know me as are not some of you know me
as the right of permanent roommate
sandwiches some of you might not know me
and that's perfectly fine but today I'm
going to talk about three words primary
are I've just added and whose make it
sound like a title it's actually just
three words engineering entertainment
career up let me start by saying that
I'm an idiot and so don't judge me by
whatever I say by the end of the stock
are i'll start with the first two word
is yes its engineering like most of
people who are academically ok or
academically decent especially in the
sciences in maths physics and chemistry
i was a lot of people felt including me
a lot of people feel that I would be so
good for engineering
unfortunately I cracked a IDG and
fortunately or unfortunately I and i
entered ID card board is when I realized
i'm a lot of people and I got exposed to
the world of cinema where I saw films
ranging from Japanese films from the
forties to the one that really is last
week and that blew my mind that really
are
give me the idea of the scope of stories
that is possible I I had not seen a lot
of Hollywood
terms prior to writing so the pollutants
I've seen would probably Jurassic Park
order of the Titanic or pirates of the
caribbean so the idea that uh normal
everyday story could exist without songs
was something which is completely
implement anyway so our third year of
college I went back to my home I had
made up my mind that I don't really want
to pursue engineering I want to do
something in the entertainment industry
so I want to make and direct films or I
want to write TV shows but I want to do
something related to making things so i
went home i sat down my parents and I
told them that this is what I want to do
and that their first reaction was what
do you mean by what what exactly what
you mean but what do you want to do and
i said i want to move from the
manufacturing industry to the service
industry
my dad said great so you bc i said no no
I that's a different service industry
it's the entertainment industry and my
mom looked at me and she said no and she
walked away that was day one and that
really made me realize how the concept
of this needs to change our has changed
over the years in India if we are good
at something we usually do it after
engineering so that is
the first step of everything a lot of
uncles who were there in my dad's
department they used to meet up and they
sort of lame ideas to come and tell me
he had received character me IDK exceed
probably and when he looked back and I
think of that argument and it's so
stupid like there is no classroom that
which has limited number of seats there
are weakened feet at iit kharagpur the
thing the thing that people need to
understand is this exists purely for the
entertainment industry a lot of guys
were doing in be here might be from an
engineering background they will never
be told that you will start to see
somebody who's the new pc will not be
told us receipt but that is no way
related to engineering but the fact that
the entertainment industry is slightly
look down upon or has a different image
so to say it is not it does not become a
conventional career and therefore people
feel that seat is wasted
where do we stop this pigeonholing we
start saying that people shouldn't like
an engineer should do an MBA or he
shouldn't be an entrepreneur he should
be like we can go on and say key a civil
engineer shouldn't take up a computer
job or an architecture just make
buildings that's it
but then we wouldn't have had us under
pitching who is a metallurgical engineer
from my article we wouldn't have had a
lot of people doing a lot of things
the fact is it's purely a matter of
personalized are not and this is again
not restricted to my friends and family
and people around me even when I talk to
people in the entertainment industry
there like a hid so 300 through too much
you can put on as you hardly watch the
camera should I have a feeling i'm like
'i are you from a film school them and
no I i was doing my BA and my dropped
out how have in this society we Revere
people who've dropped out and done and
achieve something then people who have
completed a course in education which
the field was their area of knowledge
and then took up a job in their area of
interest how difficult is it to
comprehend
I do not understand
I'll tell you simple story which
happened to a friend of mine jeetendra
tomorrow he works with me at DVF he's a
great actor and he had auditioned for
drama school a very popular drama school
here in India he got selected to the
final round and in front of him set up a
panel of judges of which consists of
various actors and popular actors you
know he knew a lot of them my name's and
a few of them by faces and he performed
his entire Shakespearean monologue and
he did we're lighting and then they look
at is you mean they said ki have iso to
yoga guru and use like me so I want to
become an activist it here acting I
think that I got the job done so this
comes as a huge shock to someone who
aspires to be an actor and is looking up
to people who are actors and would be
meaning their own profession that kind
of you know that is the really starting
and which brings me to the second part
of restock day to my mom hasn't spoken
to me since a day and i'm back and she
comes to me and she says what exactly do
you want to i said i've done a few plays
in college and I think I'm not that good
acting
I think I candlelight and i think i can
write a little bit and I can probably
direct a little bit so that's what I
want to do I want to make friends and my
mom held my hand and she said key
margera organ dealing and that's what
you said because the image of the film
industry or the entertainment industry
in general is like this glamorous place
where you get lost in glamour and you
know people are doing drugs and these
parties and all sorts of things like
really that's not true that's I don't
know what my seniors from the industry
have done or the media has done to
enhance that image but that is not true
it is not at all a glamorous thing it is
not at all a glamorous job to be honest
are when I was doing I was doing a
statistics course
in $YEAR i developed for and deep down
all of us you know we talked about
following a passion we talked about you
know chasing our dreams but beep down i
think the first fear that we have is to
be stuck in a nine-to-five job i think
the fear of getting stuck in 95 job is
greater than the love of that dream and
the same thing was applicable to me I i
taught statistics is really tough you
know cracking the theorems in the
formula and its really tough III need to
probably sit down and study four days at
length to understand which separate I
thought the writing was easy wasn't case
easier i thought that and boy was I
wrong
like today I know like because i'm here
today i have to work on sunday tomorrow
i'm working nine to nine inner in an
office daily sometimes even on Sundays
that's the amount of effort is needed it
needs the crew of 50 to 200 people to
bring you one minute of content that you
see on screen each sin incredibly tough
job
having said that are basically if you
look at again talking about change in
the definition of entertainment when I
went there I think the one thing that I
noticed was entertainment per se is is
divided into two categories in order two
kinds of people who make entertaining
content one is the very commercial
plastic kind of content
I don't relate to those people I don't
know for guys who are 20 years old who
who go in and open jeep and run around
in there get I i have not made those
people that is a fifty-year-old thinking
of what a twenty-year-old does you know
that's all I've seen in films and TV the
youth of India drinks the party and they
do drugs that's it that's it that is a
very shallow understanding of how 20
rolls in india that is one school of
content the other school of content is
art its art and I think that's the
easiest thing to say is that nobody gets
me because I
an artist nobody really understands me
because I'm an artist and I don't think
the audience deserve my heart it's
probably the easiest thing to say is too
and that is a portrayal of society which
consists of serial killers mother's life
is killing has been and I I don't relate
to either of those i have not seen the
Imperials going to office coming back
and end date issues are today for
example tomorrow if for example you have
to somebody you would go back home the
internet is not working you go to a
friend's house the there's a power
failure
this is a very relevant problem to our
generation and i have never seen it on
TV or on films are in agreeance most of
the people that I need you know the
writers of the directors who are just in
town who just want to do something
everybody has one single name is to find
an opportunity like I need to make a
film once i get the film i'll figure out
but that's not really how it works like
what after that you've made one film and
we've got at least it is a huge success
you don't have the basic skill set to
carry on and build on that or was if it
fails
how do you recover from that what I'm
trying to say is
which brings me to my PB is grossly
underprepared so that's you can see so
what I'm trying to say is basically
opportunity was this career in the
entertainment industry day 3 my mom sits
next to me and then she says how long
the Honorable this
how long do you think you can sustain
yourself there i said i want to do this
for the rest of my life I think 1165 i
think i'll probably want to write and
direct them because i know this is my
something which I like and she said tell
me give me an example like like which
director in Hollywood had you know
worked in 65-63
or had a career of had a full-fledged
career since he started when he was 25
years old and he ended any 65 and there
is not one single name probably one
probably just surprised the latency a
surprise the only one who had a career
spanning over 40 years but the directors
and writers who were actively and
actively working and successful in the
seventies eighties nineties none of them
is work none of them are working today
not one single one of them we just goes
to show that the entertainment industry
so to say doesn't trust in Korea's we've
had physics we have faces of 10 years of
say or 15 years of a and 10 years of
rajkumar santoshi and we have faces of
unwrapped the ship and the bottom and we
can look back and say that there are
filmmakers who worked for 30-40 glorious
years and done their lives work in those
in that period of time that is that
doesn't hold to the one of the first
things like I about writing which I
started when I was in college was always
make sure you have a presentable draft
always make sure that the screenplay
that you sent is not written word there
are software for writing like final
draft architects always make sure you
write on those it is well formatted
because otherwise people wouldn't take
you seriously people wouldn't think that
you are a serious professional writer i
have been to places i have done projects
that people prefer unformatted script
because they don't know how
what if automatic script looks like this
is a very private i'll just tell you a
small story one of our writers used to
work in TV you said one of the crime
shows popular puncture on television and
they preferred a word document script so
they write a script office and they said
gets too long for half a natural you
need to cut it down so his was like 26
pages and they wanted it to be like 20
21 days and all he did was he selected
that and just reduce the font size
the channel approved it and it got made
and I'm not kidding
this has happened in indian television
there is a system which is set like a
printing press where I know no matter
who how bigger either you are you can't
write and a great episode every day the
daily soaps which are running I don't
think anybody in the world can write
half an hour of great content every
single day
it's a printing press sort of a
machinery we just churns out episodes
one after the other and that's when I
realized that probably the existing
system of you know the the definition of
film and TV that needed to change and
because nobody else was doing it we took
it upon ourselves to kind of do that to
do wherein things the way we feel right
to make sure that every script is
formatted every script teaches the 4dr
to make sure that the active rehearse
before should to make sure that MF time
is given on a piece of content so that
because we know we're taking minutes out
of people's lives and we couldn't have
existed without an audience so that I
pink sort of germinated the web content
revolution in india and to be very
honest I I don't confuse this as modesty
but I'm realistic enough to believe that
whatever I've done is very ok is act
best okay i think people around us are
so that the content around us that we
see every day is so bad that we seem
like people who are doing some great
things we're not we're doing very basic
ok things and again
don't confuse this arrogance is when I
say that if we wouldn't have done it
people wouldn't have come out with their
shows and it started with sketches in
2012 everybody started doing sketches we
started doing work shows now everybody
is doing web shows and it will keep
continuing till the time we don't give
up and i hope if there are
people in the audience today who are
passionate or 12 pursue this as a career
or something they like
then please don't look for opportunities
to work on yourself learn things work
hard improve yourselves and aim for our
career and that's that's I think at the
node where I would like to end is that i
personally have no of dreams of having
three houses in some way or like 10 cars
I don't aspire to do that all i want to
do personally is to have a 40 year long
career that's all I want to thank you
doing some of your