hey guys this is me fourth time
recording this video now and each time I
record it gets more vague
I'm not really being specific about
water is that i'm talking about here i'm
not sure what that would be useful to do
that are not like that almost look at it
objectively it's this thing over there
and it doesn't affect me and it's safe
to say i think that a lot of you guys
assume recovered and I never really said
that I am record but i also don't you
know Kelvin do how I am a minute and it
leaves a lot of people hanging I guess
I'm not very healthy of the minute and
that's not something that's easy to say
hi I'm Lauren I'm an alcoholic
Roxy not going I don't drink except from
the other night when I decided that I
didn't think it was a good idea was a
bad idea that's why i did it i downed
half a bottle of wine and if you know
anything about me might be aware that
are a hot drink it all I don't drink
socially I don't drink even like
occasionally it was an active impulse
and the reason i did in the first place
was to use as an alternative to sell far
which is not something that I've done in
from two years now so far from seasonal
affective disorder and it's yeah it
happens every October it usually lasts
till around like march do they make
sense like I get sad in window i'm gonna
pick me 3 i'm not on any meds take
vitamin D because I don't get it from
the Sun anybody here probably if you
live in a cold place or maybe consider
it Mandy
for me was totally out of character and
I did it to make myself feel sick and I
was hoping it was going to make me mude
worse which sounds really bizarre and i
know but i was i was feeling a bit shit
anyway and then I got into the mindset
of why I deserve to feel shit let's feel
shitter
I don't know maybe there's some
psychologists or something automates and
you can make sense of it Katie Moore and
what is that what is that about
I how don't know and something else that
happened this week was an almost relapse
and up
I didn't want to say that like I felt
ashamed to say that i've almost relaxed
and with self-harm but actually feels
quite good to say that almost did it and
I didn't do it
how good of a breakdown in the library I
unique and afterwards the one boots I
bought a collection of things that cost
I'm 28 and the lady at all was called
Diane and she served as no bother and
found this really odd because you know
these things on the counter that cost
ten pounds 28 could take a life actually
snapped out of it and when i was $DAY i
was two people away from getting served
and I had the things in me hands up or
do I really want to do this and I said
no and I didn't want to leave the queue
and put the things back on the shelf
I bought them in the lock that I got off
the woman on the till was not a good
look this week of also hard importance
to call me hair off which is not
something that I want to do have are
actually trying to grow me have really
long it's not harmful it's not really
self harm it would just be defined by
introduce something that I know it it's
not home but it's like very and it would
be a Britney Spears moment also for
about deleting youtube channels as well
you two have been sent from my channel
either of you enormous but they took
some of the ads away on the videos me
I can't make money from them so just
made us feel like what's the what's the
point and I feel like that everything up
to start Union month and what's the
point in this is it alone and most
lesson lessons while my kids school SLR
most lectures and seminars I don't
participate and its really isolate and I
self-sabotage that's why do I are going
with the mindset
no one likes me not going to talk to me
and so I don't talk to anyone I just sit
there with my head down and then I don't
look approachable so people don't
approaches and I'm like saying that
approach because the haters and probably
just not fortunate because I'm started
looking at social and I'm like please
don't talk to me the whole body language
will give off that vibe of do not enter
do not please do not another break and
the IUDs not going particularly great a
minute
oh I don't really off this is served any
purpose
aside from making me extremely
uncomfortable and worry about who's
going to be watching it and you know I
hope it's always made you feel less
alone if you're in this import or maybe
it's made me realize that those things
that go on behind the scenes and not
just with me I don't want this about me
me me and with other people about the
youtubers and for every other person
that you meet in real life you don't
know what's going on for them maybe that
back would be the master of the video as
for misconception mondays and I didn't
do the self misconception monday as in a
very vulnerable place didn't want to
talk about self-harm have a bag of
skills or whether with Rimbaud rocks i'm
going to dig in and then course you
thanks for watching guys and see you
next time bye