what's up you guys welcome to the video
before I set down to record this
actually had planned to make a
completely different video and like had
a lot of points things I was going to
talk about and i still think i'm gonna
make that video but literally right
right when I sat down to record this
site I just kind of felt the urge in
like the i don't know i don't know why i
decided to record this video but i am
recording it so recently I did kind of
like a little rant style thing on my
snapchat talking a lot about my I guess
kind of like my social anxiety or just
anxiety in general and a lot of people
seem to you know kind of relate to it
and they kind of felt that they could
you know they can just relate to what i
was saying and so I I don't know why I
just felt like I sat down and I was like
man I should really talk about what I've
been going through not in any way to try
to make you feel bad for me or try and
complain about my life and say that my
life is hard because that is the last
thing that I want to do because I
understand how blessed I am and how
lucky I am and how how many great
opportunities I have and I think that
that personally for me knowing that is
part of the reason why I get so
frustrated with myself I know I kind of
skipped ahead but so some a lot of times
during during the day and just during
days and stuff i'm alone so I'm III film
videos alone and I'm usually like I'll
be at the gym with some people but I'm
you know I'm doing my own thing and I
think lately it's just kind of been like
getting to me
I'm so like I'll be alone so much that
I'll get invited to go places and when
I'm when I'm there I start to just
really like I'm like freaked out and
just really i don't even know how to
explain it honestly but the real thing
that really upsets me is that i'll be
freaking out in my mind but like
logically I I think to myself like what
what are you worried about man like
there's nothing going on that like
should be making you feel like this like
you you're fine nobody is staring at you
thinking you're weird or staring at you
thinking that there's something wrong
with you but in my head like I start
thinking that but then I start telling
myself that you shouldn't be worried
about it and then I start to get even
more upset at myself because I shouldn't
be so it shouldn't be so anxious when
i'm out at these you know gatherings and
get together with other people so it's
really really frustrating
and then sometimes it will end up
spilling over into like the next day so
I say I go out at night so recently I
just tell the story so recently I went
out for my sister's birthday party
everybody was drinking
I'm not a drinker you know they went out
to these I got bars kind of thing and it
just does not really my thing but like
you know I don't I mean no one around
that every once in a while so it wasn't
really that big of a deal for me right
but I just couldn't I just felt like
it's really weird feeling like you're
around so many people and everyone's
having so much fun but I just literally
felt like I was alone even with all
those people around me and like it was
just frustrating when I know that I'm
not alone like I know these people care
about me into these people love me but I
just feel like that it doesn't matter
you know and so that that kind of ended
up leaving really early and like you
know I i was glad that I was able to be
there with my sister but I left early
and then the next day I have woken up
and it was like one of those days where
you wake up and you just kind of like
it's hard to get out of bed it's hard to
really do anything for that day and i
ended up like not even leaving my room
until like 2pm that day from wait for me
that that's really late normally have
already done a whole workout buy them
home and showered of eating twice you
know and that day I just couldn't like I
couldn't bring myself to get my room I
just you know I start to thinking
thinking thinking thinking thinking
thinking thinking thinking about
everything and everything and nothing at
the same time I'm so it and like that's
the thing that happens to me the most
right like I i usually don't go out all
the time so I don't have to deal with
the social anxiety part but it's that
part when I wake up and I'm like I'm
already dreading these things that
aren't there's like there's no reason to
dread them but I i start to dread them
and I start to really just focus on
these things that like though they don't
even matter what they do matter but it's
not a bad thing or whatever it is right
it's so hard to explain this in a way
that you might understand but you know
that that happens to me a lot and like i
said i'm not trying to complain or act
like a complaint you guys or act like a
like I'm i have a hard life or anything
like that I've
definitely lived through hard times the
way our times and I'm living now and I i
want to say that because i don't want
anyone to feel bad for me I don't want
anyone to feel like I'm you know I'm
complaining because I do understand what
other people are going through but this
is something that I'm dealing with and I
didn't want to talk about it but it can
be really it's just frustrating and I
think that that's the part that gets me
is because I get so frustrated with
myself and then when i get frustrated
with myself I end up getting upset at
myself and then I'm telling myself why
are you feeling like this
why are you so upset worried what are
you worried about like why are you so
stressed out about the video or so
stressed out about you know poster so
stressed out about getting back to
emails or whatever it is our email
that's gonna come and we're just like
these little things like that all turn
these like little i guess you could say
like little mole hills into these huge
mountains for literally no reason and I
don't know what it is and it normally
it's just kind of like time has to go
buy for me to get better or a lot of
times I'll just go to the gym and then
luckily i have that release and I'm able
to really feel a lot better because you
know the gym for me really does just
make me feel better about a lot of
things and I'm really lucky to have that
but i don't know why i decided to make
this video i just kind of I guess I kind
of hope that somebody watching this is
you know might be going to this I hope I
don't hope that people that are going
through the same thing but if you are
going through the same thing I don't
think if you were able to find this
video and that I don't know we got no
for me that when i hear somebody's going
to the same thing as me it makes me feel
a lot better about what I'm going
through and you know that's why I'm kind
of hoping this video will be and
obviously like I'm i would love to you
know hear you guys suggestions if you
are going through this like what have
you done to maybe you'll get past it and
like what would you even call what I'm
dealing with because i don't i hate like
labeling things because I know like
anxiety is I guess it's kind of a broad
thing but if you really struggle with it
can be like crippling that's why I don't
like to give myself that sort of title
because i don't want people that really
do deal with that to feel like I'm
lessening you know there
pain and the things that they're going
through and the issues that they have
because like I'm dealing with this
little thing or whatever it is right and
like I don't and I'm not trying to like
the moment that I'm dealing with is it
big but I'm just you know I'm just
trying to do not make any waves or
anything like that and just and really
you know I'm just trying to understand
it and I i do want to get better
obviously and and luckily like I don't
want you guys to to be worried and think
that I I'm dealing with this every day
and like every day is hard it's not like
that it's you know it's kind of frequent
but not to a point where I can't
function well when it's happening i
can't really function that much but once
it's over it's over and I've looked into
kind of like uh-huh okay whatever I'll
just say that I guess I'm like manic
depressive kind of stuff like because
like there's there's days where I'm
literally like on top of the world i can
get anything done i will be so motivated
you everything that I need to do like
literally everything
nothing is an issue like nothing bring
me down nothing can stop me and like
that that that will go on for a little
bit and then there'll be days where i'm
just literally like everything is an
issue
everything's a problem i'm a failure
everything around me is falling apart
I'm never gonna be able to live up to
you know what I wanted to be I don't
think that I'm good enough and like it
will literally get to a point where I
just I I look I can't do i I just I
paralyze myself with those thoughts and
it's just I don't like I said I don't
want to label myself as a manic
depressive or anything like that because
like I said it that's a huge thing to
say but that is something that I deal
with you know just that that sense of
feeling on top of the world and then
it's like who write down to just feeling
like an absolute failure and like all
it'll be a--sometimes it'll be one day
absolutely incredible i do so much stuff
get so much done the next day
absolutely just feel like a total piece
of trash like a failure and in the thing
that in in fact that's why when I'm when
I'm in those days i get so frustrated
with myself because i'll still be
getting messages from people saying like
your videos have helped me lose a
hundred pounds and i get messages like
that every single day in like normally
i'm super appreciative and i'm always
appreciated but not
like you know I'm like wow this is
really cool show my friends look at this
is awesome and other days I'm like that
they're probably just saying that to
like make me feel better I gay pride
probably didn't really help them i
really like that's literally how think
sometimes and it doesn't make any sense
like like right now I'm in a state where
I mean I'm i would say i'm in the middle
right now like I'm in a good spot i'm
not super like high-energy everything's
great but i'm definitely not in that
depressed state either so you know when
i get those messages i just i really
appreciate them and I don't know I'm
sign of this video is kind of all over
the place but these this is a lot of
stuff that I've been wanting to say for
a while and i just haven't I didn't
really know where to put it didn't know
what kind of video to make and I guess
that means that snapchat ran and a lot
of people are really really appreciated
it so I just kind of I don't know I
guess I kind of hope that people will
appreciate this obviously I didn't have
a script for this because i just decided
to talk about this right before I turned
on the camera
um yeah so like I said if if you are if
you know about this stuff you know about
you know what i'm talking about i would
love to hear your opinion on things like
you do or you know like I get that
that's a kind of a maybe kind of stupid
to ask because there's going to be a
million different you know points that
people are going to make they're gonna
be like you know you should do this you
should do this so let's do it all yours
to be but i would I just love hearing
you guys like opinions about stuff and
it really like you guys are really
literally like I don't know how to
explain how much I appreciate you guys
and I just really do appreciate you guys
and but yet so that's kind of been
something that I've been I've been
struggling with like I said it's not
like you'd see in the world and
definitely i'm not it's like it's gonna
affect me making videos for you guys
making content and and living my life
you know I've literally training has
been going better than ever has and I've
been making more progress than I ever
have before
so obviously it's not affect me that
much but it definitely is something that
I I'd I need to be open with and I need
to talk about because i don't i don't
think that i personally don't think that
means there's something wrong with me
because I really do feel like there's a
lot of people that struggle with things
that maybe they just don't talk about or
they didn't are kind of worried about to
be open with which i understand that
because
it's kind of like this is something like
I can be open with my loose skin i can
be open about stuff like that but stuff
like this is kind of hard for me to talk
about and it's probably no it's probably
this video is probably hard to watch
because I'm all over the place but I
guess I'm just kind of like still kind
of nervous to talk about this but yeah I
I think I've said everything that I need
to say and you know now I'm just gonna
hopefully leave it open to you guys to
give me your opinion what do you guys
think you've been going through the same
thing i would love you know to hear what
you've been doing to maybe get better or
just hear your story because i know
it'll make me feel better hope about
what I'm going through be okay I'm gonna
stop
thank you guys so much for watching the
video make sure you like comment and
subscribe
there's one other thing that I wanted to
say okay look up around all day the
warning sign and when there are flanking
like your wig leg don't have the fraud
and feeling your country stop