hello
so I've had so many people interested
and my suicide attempts which was really
going for that but yeah so many messages
people curious as to how i did it really
think it mattered that much but i guess
as human beings we're just kind of drawn
to a tragedy
I guess kind of like when you see a car
accident on road you can't help but
stare and wonder what happened because
you're glad it happened or not worried
about what happened to the person but
it's just human nature very curious so I
don't mind sharing my story because I've
obviously come a very long way since up
time in my life
I'm sure there's plenty of people out
there that are feeling the way that I
felt at that point it was a very long
time ago it was my grade 12 year out
with the worst possible time for me to
attempt to do that but I guess I wasn't
thinking that was nice to five so that
point in my life that stuff at home is
really bad because of becoming out and I
was dealing with a lot of other stuff
that happened to me or not dealing i
guess i should say 17 18 years old you
feel things you need have no idea where
those emotions i guess that's why there
is so much teenage suicide and self-harm
and all that stuff when I was away from
the time I was 14
up until that point I was a definitely
into self-harm I can't really explain
why I did that because unless you have
done it or felt the way that I thought
you wouldn't be able to understand but
it was kind of like not being able to
release the pain you feel
I guess vocally or any other way so it's
just like hurting yourself you gotta
focus on my pain rather than the planets
inside but I said that will make sense
to anyone almost in there so yeah I was
doing a lot of self-harm a lot of the
cutting and actually burn myself it's an
awful thing now luckily I don't really
have many scars so I kind of walked out
anyways I'm going completely possible
point of this video so i pretty much
remember that day so clearly it's kind
of college that I didn't
I've been obviously been planning on
doing it for a bit of time I had all my
letters written my family was over the
day and I was sitting in my computer
room
I had two bottles of pills and i got
myself and I set off a few emails and i
placed the letters to my mother my
father my sister and my best friend
who's living with me at the time I put
them all on their pillows to that they
would obviously have some sort of
goodbye for me if I did end up
succeeding anyways I'm my friend ended
up coming upstairs earlier than i had
suspected and at that point i'd already
taken one bottle fills is lying on the
floor couldn't really move were do much
of anything but I could still on still
aware of what was going on at least two
and expect to get here
anything going on around me and I heard
I did hear her find her letter
and she herself has a forehead
I'm very bad anxiety so she could hear
her having a panic attack
she couldn't breathe it was just her I
guess trying to get ahold of my mother
on the phone that's all i could hear she
was making any sense any sense
whatsoever so she was standing in the
room and she I couldn't even make a wish
you saying she was just crying crying
crying and asking why and I remember my
sister and my mother and my aunt coming
into the room and my sister just want to
say resistor she lost she's smashing
things you screaming she called my
ex-girlfriend and when everything her
which completely was offside but
regardless and I remembered I'm trying
to just put a coat on me because it was
wintertime and they were trying to get a
comida take me out into the storm and
putting the car and I just remember
going into the hospital and use i ended
up being put in honestly like a storage
room is what appeared to be you don't
have a very big hospital tomorrow from
and at that point all that's again so
they have me on a stretcher after
everything went down and I had spoken to
be spoken to in Roma psychologist try to
make explain myself so it's on like a
stretcher for once a week goes in there
and I had several police officers for
security and much for which they were
but they were standing inside my
standing outside my storage room and I
don't really have any privacy whatsoever
really they were just driving me kinda
calm me down i guess i was basically
just sleep or my body was asleep at
least for most of the time i was unable
to even change without someone being in
the room when the ibook her shower there
would be one of the security guards in
the bathroom with me that was awful
finally they had a bed for me up on the
third floor which everyone is thought
that it was that of me jumping off the
building but now I did not talk about
building the third floor is what we call
it I said responded to my messages it's
a we're mentally unstable people though
and so they had a bet for me there and
that was a whole other experience
there's people there was like serious
serious instabilities Natalie it's kind
of scary to be honest I mean I this was
just before my 18th birthday so I was
not was not very old at all my parents
weren't allowed to stay with me there's
only certain hours very strict hours
much anyone can come visit me and
we are forced into group which is awful
there is a schizophrenic on the floor i
remember that and she was actually scary
i don't know if you've actually
encountered the true schizophrenic that
was my first encounter i probably the
only character I've ever had
luckily a lover but our voices and
everything will change change your
clothes and your hair like Ralph walked
by my room just stare at me it was
really creepy i didn't I mean you don't
know what the people are capable up
not to mention my roommate she was a
little hostile person I've ever met my
life she would scream and throw things
she just hated me being in the room with
her that night actually should piss all
over the floor and it hopes that I would
so Paul so that was pretty much that was
awesome
another really odd encounter losers
young a young guy there who truly
believe that he's a werewolf
yeah he would like pull himself up on
the window ledge and like make really
weird noises I was a guy I found myself
questioning why i was there i mean
obviously I party for myself so might
mentally upstairs I wasn't doing that
well either but I guess it's just a
different kind of crazy
it was quite the experience for the
eye-opening experience
I don't know like when you're going
through something like that you're so
consumed by your own pain you don't even
realize the world around you and it is
very very selfish and i will say that
like that would say that now that it is
extremely selfish because if you do
succeed or even if you don't succeed
it's not really us deal with the
aftermath it's everyone in your life
because you're not thinking that they're
gonna blame themselves they're not gonna
going to sit there wonder why didn't I
six signs why didn't I know why didn't I
help
you're not thinking about that I know I
wasn't thinking about that but it's
selfish but at the same time
honestly when you get to that point I
can't even explain the way that you feel
I mean just imagine feeling that awful
about yourself about your life being not
unhappy and in that much pain that you
actually don't want to live another day
it gives me shows now as I can't even
have a hard time putting myself back
into that place and remembering or i
guess maybe I'm trying not to remember
ever feeling like that anyways I'm
extremely thankful that i didn't succeed
and ending my life because I've had so
many great experiences
that's so amazing people since that day
can imagine not here right now even
it's just
it does get better it's really hard to
think that at the time and I know that I
know that anyone knows that i do but if
there is anyone watching this is
thinking you know like I don't want to
be alive just seriously like you need to
find some sort of outlet and I don't
need salt caramel me any of that there
are other things that can get you out of
that spot
I mean for me it was getting into
fitness it was painting it was writing
anything you can get your emotions i
would rather than hurting yourself just
don't sit in a room by yourself and
think about all the reasons you don't
want to be loved because
[Music]
so I guess
that's that's my story so i'm going to
say with say the end of this is a I know
you hear it all the time does get better
doesn't ever trust me it doesn't get
better you're going to have down days
and that are still probably going to be
days when you pass up when your life
we're thinking you know is it really
worth it
there are occasional days that I wake up
and I'm not a very happy person but
the best online what you got going to
get hope life is all about hope and
faith in yourself courage so that was a
really long spiel and for everyone who's
really tree does what happened to me
might mean it's something that gruesome
it's not jumping off a building it's on
becoming a gun to my head but that's my
story
luckily i'm sure to tell it you guys