I would like to take this time for the
quick to to dress something and and talk
to you guys about something something
that could not only change your life but
it could change our friend's life
a co-worker mom dad cousin a relative
any relative anybody that significant
you're like I believe what i want to
tell you could really change a life and
it dates back all the way to when I was
not 18 19 years old playing high school
football
I've got a concussion right and during
this time I thought I got this
concussion for the next year
seriously is the worst time of my life
it was the worst . my life was a time
where I remember every single day to a
tee from waking up to going to bed too
sleeping what dreams i was dreaming like
it was the worst part of my life and
this is the time i wanted to commit
suicide this time I just didn't want to
be on earth anymore this is the time
where i was lost i didn't know what my
future was I didn't know where anything
was
but I'm here now and one of the reasons
why I'm so positive
everyday is because of this . time in my
life as well let me get to that so 18
years old I get a concussion first
concussion i missed my last high school
football game
i miss accolades for the team being a
whatever great leader whatever all these
different things that I didn't get these
accolades for for the player I was I
didn't go to allstate I don't get all
team or anything like that in the county
or the area which is partly because i
missed my last high school football game
i added am NOT going a variable college
to go play football and i ended up going
to florida state university on a walk on
position and then finally the be worse
the absolute worst thing that could ever
happen to me i was living in this I was
living as if I
was a mirror and I and I kid you not so
after this concussion i had this thing
where was an out-of-body experience and
everything that I would look at I would
feel like it's fake
I would feel like if i look at you you
would be looking back at me and that's
how I felt all the time it's almost as
if you woke up from a nap really really
quickly got up really really fast
all of a sudden like it's cloudy and
everything's weird you know and and
you're like whoa
and if you look into a mirror at the
time you felt like you're actually
looking at yourself from that mirror you
were that mirror and you're looking at
yourselves like those in inception type
thing and this is how I felt for a full
year every single day every single day
the worst . time in my life I walk out
of the door and I would see the sky and
the light and and then I want to go
outside and when it was dark and i will
look at everything and I couldn't
understand it
I couldn't understand i thought i was in
a video game I thought that everything
was looking back at me
so at that point in time I was my brain
like I just I just wanted to cry
everyday and and I almost did you know I
were used to just sit in my room like
this and just all day every day and
through this the only thing that that
pushed me through this was that I know
that I've have never given up before I
can't give up now I know I've never
given up four and i know i can't give up
now I have a legacy to create i have
people to inspire some day i have I know
this will happen and it's happening
right now but I got a point in my life
where everything crumbled and this this
feeling was like the cream on top of the
the cake was icy on top of the cake and
I was getting challenged life was
challenging me life was challenged me so
hard but I kept on telling myself even
when I was like this
can't do it you can't do I used to look
at my heat
oh man look at my fan at the top of my
my room and I look at the fair i'll be
like what if I could just end it all
right now what if i could just end it
all right now I used to think about guns
like what if I had a gun I would've
fired a gun in my hand can't do it could
actually do it
how can I make this as painless as
possible hey mom dad I used to go up to
them and I should like ice can I say
don't understand what's happening I I
don't and you know as I said in previous
videos the one thing that got me through
everything was knowing that I couldn't
give up and not only that but working
out and it's crazy it's bizarre for me
to say this but every single time i put
on my cleats every single time i went to
that weight room I just lifted and
lifted so hard and the passion that I
felt I didn't feel anything
it was the most incredible feeling in
the world as my heart would beat and
beat and beat and I could feel my blood
flowing through my veins like it was so
intense
every single time i would train i would
feel this and I it and I would just know
that if I train I won't feel this as
time progressed as time progressed I did
get a little bit better and better and
better just just very slightly and not
even much honestly
but it wasn't until then I would take a
nap in the middle of the day and then I
wake up and then for the first 20
minutes I would feel regular I feel nice
so I started taking a nap every single
day i had to take a nap how to take the
net and then eventually it did go away
and hey it was just it was just surreal
knowing that at that point in time and
it was gone and I didn't feel it and it
was the most incredible feeling in the
world now i will say this once in a long
while still feel that also have that
feeling like if I if I take a nap if I'm
super super super super tired i will
have this feeling of it
out-of-body experience like i'm outside
of my body looking in and I will have
that but the way I look at it now is not
home and i hope it's not coming back i
hope no no I look at it like it is what
it is
this is going to happen either way it's
happening and I can't do anything about
it so accept it
just try and live life and that is my my
whole point to this video for you accept
it
live your life trust that things will
get better because they will they they
definitely will and if they don't get
better adjust adjust and be positive
about that adjustment say no that is not
a detrimental position that I'm in my
life it's more so something to challenge
you to make you stronger you have to
always be optimistic because you never
know you never know when you're just
gonna be gone
you never know lightlife comes and goes
that's that's what I'm trying to say
life comes and goes and if you always
live a life where you're just negative
and and you don't feel like you want to
live and always all you're ever going to
receive is that negative energy back to
you that you're putting out in this
world so if you are someone struggling I
it i really want you to look at yourself
in a mirror at yourself in a mirror and
ask yourself if I was completely normal
and I say normal because I feel like
what these challenges that we have in
our lives
it's a good thing it's a good thing so
if you were normal if you had no
challenges and you just normal person
everyday life things they were coming
your way and then obstacles like that
like girl from problems of it what would
you do what would you be your one goal
in your life that you would like to
accomplish when you look at that goal
I want you to say how would I feel what
I'm doing that how I feel
you'll be working hard right you'll be
positive right you would want to get
there so bad you would do anything to
sacrifice you dedicate every minute to
that craft that you want to accomplish
so now think of that and put it into
your life right now you're hurting i
know i know you're hurting you have a
friend that's her to give a relative
that's already have somebody that's
hurting in their lives but you can't
give up there is a purpose to this is a
purpose to challenging you because they
don't challenge you and how will this
world change everyday its people like
you that will make this change its
people like you life has chosen you to
make a change not only for yourself but
the people around you and when you make
a changing yourself people see it
other people see it i don't have this
many viewers just because I didn't make
a change i had to make a change i had to
take opportunities and people see the
hard work that I put into this change
and they want the same changes so one
more time if you are struggling if you
have a friend that's struggling you have
a relative a co-worker parent whoever it
may be
show them this video shown that there's
no giving up there is absolutely no
giving up even if it ends one day at
least you'll know that you never gave up
and you'll leave a legacy that explains
to heavy other person that knows your
name
who knew who you were to not give up i
love you guys soon