I guess is going in his fangs and
welcome to a video they'll be completely
different than the stuff you've seen on
my channel as a reason because it's a
completely different topic it's
something that relates to my real life
situation and what's happening in a
thing that I'm doing tomorrow i'm
actually doing a run for life race and
if you guys don't know what run for life
is i made a video about it last year I
did a charity livestream forward I
wasn't able to do that charity
livestream this year which I'm highly
disappointed in what is run for life is
a it's for suicide prevention very much
so you're running you're donating and
you're trying to help out people who be
there Del suicide who are possibly
thinking about doing suicide and it's
pretty much to help like educate them
and hopefully prevent them from doing
that last you kind of heard about my
story but it was still pretty fresh and
it barely even been a year since I lost
my friend of suicide so I couldn't
really talk about it I couldn't go like
into any details because i was still
very like it was still an emotional time
I was just getting over some of the
emotional distress that came so november
$YEAR 14 2 years ago nearly two years
will be in a couple of months my friend
took his life it was really really a
terrible moment like in any of my
friends any part of our lives
I'm not to mention it like really really
affected me so I was supposed to go into
town that day was friday lived in austin
at the time and I was supposed to go
into town but I didn't want to because
it was really cold and all my friends
were going to like a reunion football
game for my team and I was like I don't
know if I can make it just come in
tomorrow morning i forgot what was
happening oh I had a wedding that
weekend was actually my friend Kate's
wedding and so I i say you know what I'm
going to come in on Saturday I'm not
gonna make it in everybody's there I see
pictures from and I'm like yeah that
could have been fun but I just decided
not to a state in i made a youtube video
and I ended
I'm not driving into town so my way into
town of that morning
well it's still it's still kinda hard to
talk about on my way onto on my way into
town that morning I get a call and it's
for my friend Ginni and they call me
like an hour or so before but I was just
like man did they actually stay up all
night and get drunk and they're trying
to call me at four in the morning like
what are they even calling before so I
answered and it's not it's not my friend
Jenny it's actually my other friend and
she is you know upset and she's you know
saying I need to tell you something and
I'm just like what's like what's going
on i have no idea i know that there's
something I've been wrong with their
fathers maybe something happened to her
father but then i get some of the worst
news I've had in my life and it was that
her boyfriend who is one of our good
friends had committed suicide now as it
happened um I mean maybe he had thought
about it I had no idea that he had
depression i had no idea that was
unhappy he seemed happy was super
intelligent he knew all this stuff he
was so into like the Stars and like
astronomy and science and he made
straight a's I think when he was in
middle school he was like he added
letter written to the president because
he did so good like he was such a good
student such a good person and he didn't
seem unhappy he played games we played
games like probably a week before this
had happened we were playing titanfall
and he was in the same hobbies like me
and nappin a9 skills so I just couldn't
believe that I couldn't believe that it
was even possible at first I didn't
believe it until i got in town and all
sunken and it was like a rainy day which
made it ten times worse and everything
just seems so depressing the story of
what happened is my guess maybe he had
been contemplating we don't know we
obviously don't know but maybe have been
contemplating it and so he they went out
and they went to the game he seemed to
find their um they ended up drinking
more continued on into a bar and didn't
seem too bad until the end of the bar
but he got like pretty drunk like he was
really drunk they don't know how drunk
because I mean at some point you know I
get
that way I'm to where you're just like
yeah I want to talk to anybody type of
thing when you get drunk but he was
really drunk and so they dropped him off
at the house on the jump both of them
off at their house and they're like oh
like I don't know maybe we should like
wait-and-see make sure they get in and
stuff but they end up leaving now they
had stopped by whataburger to get some
food and he didn't want to eat the food
or anything like that which I guess at
this point if you think about it maybe
like a sign that something is completely
wrong or maybe you just didn't maybe
you're just mad like drunk people are
just mad sometimes I'm so if you didn't
want to eat the food and he ended up
going back to the house and even then
she was sitting downstairs my friend and
he was like i have your water burger
here and he was like I don't want
anything and he just like set of keys
down one upstairs so she didn't think
anything of it I mean people fight
couple spider they'd have problems you
know whatever you're drunk
I find when you hold the time whenever I
drink liquor is the worst thing I just
don't drink liquor I'll only drink beer
because it has caused this
yeah I don't know why it happens but
anyway so she decided to go up to her
room to brush your teeth they had like
two different rooms there was like it
was a condo i guess you walk upstairs
there's their main room and there's a
guest room and he was sitting in the
guest room on the bed watching TV
she's you know sees them just walked
past like I'll just let them be four
right now goes into your bathroom to
brush your teeth and that's when she
heard a really loud bang she obviously
like rush to see what was wrong and she
found it was it was horrific
he had used a shotgun inflicted a gun to
his head and so she had to see every bit
of it and i just for her being able to
be emotionally stable like she is now
like I feel so I felt so bad for her i
felt so bad injury but I felt so bad for
her she not having to get the neighbors
the neighbors had to come up they had to
see it they called the ambulance he was
dead probably instantly when it happens
I can't ever see him as being a person
that would do that especially because he
was a good friend like I can't see him
one thing I guess he didn't know I guess
I feel like people who commit suicide
don't realize the aftereffect like they
think that if they do it then it's going
to better the person may be that they're
leaving like though I'm out of here the
burden i'm not
here but the aftermath of what happened
the next day will sit with me and some
of my friends for the rest of our lives
for one it was heartbreaking it was
emotional for to my friend wanted to get
out of that apartment as fast as
possible she could never the condo she
could never imagine living in there
after seeing that so we were like you
know we need to help her
we need to get all of this stuff out of
there and the moment that we walked in
to that apartment in the aftermath that
I saw literally haunt my dreams for the
rest of my life it was it was horrendous
and it was terrible and it made my
stomach turn and it just made me hurt
and you can see like it's almost like
you could run the play by play in your
head as you're trying not to vomit like
it was just bad after seems like that
the police come the people come and they
take the body but they don't clean
anything that was probably one of the
most saddest things that I've ever dealt
with
so that's my first occurrence with
suicide and I myself if you don't know
much about me
I guess I've never really brought it up
I didn't know this until like six months
ago but I suffer from depression and I
suffer from anxiety I hear a lot of this
I've seen it now it's come out on
youtube or people said they had it so I
don't know there's like a correlation of
creativity and youtubers or what happens
that creates this but it happens in a
lot of youtubers have seen and it
happened in me I had no idea what it was
for a lot of my life so I didn't have
the greatest childhood at least from a
certain part of until about 12 years old
I went through a lot of stuff you guys
have seen in my drawing a life like I
went through dealing with parents with
drug addictions I went through living in
multiple houses living between grandma's
ants you know everyone just pushing your
own different places having electricity
not having actually having money not
having money I saw things shouldn't see
that aid
I mean things just did not go well for
me at that point in my life and it left
a scar me and it continued on through
whenever I was in Middle School not so
bad in middle school as it pushed so
hard
whenever my emotions and stuff started
coming out in high school so I seem very
happy on the outside and I feel very
happy or I want to be very happy on the
outside I guess I don't feel like I want
to be very happy on the outside and
everything's fine
some days but then there's other days
where everything is not fine and i wake
up at least I did I woke up I didn't
want to get out of bed if I did get out
of bed I had this like pushing
pressuring feeling that was on my chest
and my stomach like something like
miserable had happened was going to
happen when nothing like it could've
been the greatest time I could have hit
a million subs and i would still have
this like pressure on my chest like I
need to breathe I can't breathe and have
to like take deep breaths and it just
was getting to me i had times where I
got bad more so i think the anxiety and
where I go out in public and I be around
people there be too many people just
aren't getting really stressed out I was
like I have to get out of here like
couldn't go into malls I hated
trafficking and traffic literally almost
made me lose it the Depression was
probably more so bad after the suicide
happen because I began to feel bad i
began to think about things like why did
this happen and I thought about things
that I thought about in the past I never
actually thought about killing or
harming myself but i have had times
where I've been so sad and I think that
life is so bad that like I wonder like I
wish something bad could happen to me
like maybe i'll get in a car wreck and
then you know that will be better than
what I'm feeling right now I'm so to see
this and to not understand it and to
think you know what if what if I
would've drove into town that friday
what if i would have talked to what if
we would have had a good time
what if i want to let him drink so much
would he have done it and the question
is at some point if he was gonna do it
he would now he was under the influence
whenever they did the toxicology report
it was as it
he had had 17 shots and he had taken
adderall and that's what kind of counter
affected it where you couldn't exactly
tell that he was that drunk but it
really affected me and i was i was in a
slump and it was sad find times where I
just break down i'd be sitting in the
kitchen making I don't know a glass of
milk and I would just like sit down on
the floor and break down crying because
it was just super upsetting so some
point I decided to realize like this was
affecting me like I can't get things
done
I can't do things the way I want to do I
don't feel good like I'm affecting my
relationship will doesn't understand
what's going on because he's not going
through it
he's trying to help he's trying to make
me feel better goes out you know gets me
a pepsi and gummy bears and it's like I
hope this makes you feel better but
inside is just just can't no matter what
even if I want to be happy for that even
if i want to be thankful I couldn't be
what it is I want to go see a doctor and
she pretty much like explained to me
that you have the serotonin levels and
it affects people with me i think it
runs my family bipolar runs in my family
a lot of different mental issues run in
my family
um and she said it affects you to the
fact we're if your serotonin levels are
too low then there's a possibility that
you can start feeling anxiety that was
my worst part about it like getting on
an airplane doing a ton of things was
just Minds I just rose ice
I can like breakouts wedding I'd be like
shaky a little bit sometimes like it was
bad and so she said you know I want to
try something on you just to see if it
helps you gave me a prescription to a
drug called lexapro
um and I've been taking that for about
six and a half months now and I've
literally have never felt better in my
entire life like I don't feel that
feeling anymore in it sags I don't want
to be on pills I hate being on pills i
won't take them up i don't have you the
only one I've ever really taken in my
life is birth control but if it's gonna
make me feel the way that I feel now and
it's going to take away it's almost as
if like even if i want to be depressed i
think this could be bad part of it but
even if i want to be depressed and think
about something it's like it's time to
it I think working out helps as well
because I work out a lot of something
that they told me to do and then as hell
with this I'm just got too much
endorphins and my serotonin levels
levels where I'm just like you know what
I can get past that like I can do
something else and it's totally fine so
I'm really
really glad that I've made it to this
point my life now especially in this
moment how this suicide affected me and
the things that it's me
um i'm glad that i can get to the point
where i can like talk about it and i can
tell you guys about it and i can tell i
could talk to anybody about it and it's
not going to be something where I just
totally lose it so two years number 14
the run for life is something that I did
last year in honor of him and all my
friends did it this year some of them
are not doing it and I'm probably me and
Ruby are gonna do it for sure and I want
to record the entire thing like not i'm
always not going to show you me running
for like 30 minutes who knows how long
it's a 5k who knows how long that's
gonna take me but all your clips with me
running in all your clips me going to
pick up my bad i'll let you know how I
feel afterwards so that's kind of what
this video is about sunday it's kind of
like a little you know remembrance of my
friend
it's a story that's me telling you like
you yourself if your person watching me
because I know it's like to deal with
depression if you deal with depression
it cannot be okay you need to seek help
there's different hotlines that you can
call up a list and description down
below that you can call and you need to
know that in the end no matter how bad
the day is that you're dealing with
there is always tomorrow there's
something they can always be fixed and
there's someone that loves you out there
something that will let me out there and
there's people that care about you even
if you feel like there's just no way out
there is a way out and there is hope and
you you can get through it don't be the
person that makes your friendship the
next day and see things that they will
be able to erase from my memory
you're better than that you're amazing
you're awesome you guys like anybody
anybody's a person giving your if you're
my viewer i love you at least hold that
you know deep in your heart
I'm gonna have a link to the charity in
the description if you guys don't mind
if you want you can totally donate to
that if you don't want to donate to it
I understand as well all the revenue
from this video will actually go towards
that charity so it's pretty awesome for
that cause and what they do actually I
didn't get to explain it too much like
whenever it happened with my friend they
send like a team out the incident
happens even if it's in the middle of
the night this is a team out there right
there on the side trying to like help
you work your way through like obviously
you're in shock and they try to like
help you
from that moment and they do it like
months in advance with meetings they
have like all this kind of different
books you can read all these things that
you can do so it's a really amazing
cause and I think it's something that I
definitely will support next year hope
they'll be able to do the charity
livestream for it but for now we're just
going to do the run so guys the rest of
the video should be a little bit more of
like a blog it also if I'm going to be
doing the hundreds of fitness
this should maybe count as the first day
of hundreds of fitness because it's a 5k
so that's a pretty long run anyway guys
I am going to go eat now and then i'll
see you guys I'm on my way to pick up my
registration stuff and all my things for
the run
alright guys to change of events i
apparently need eyeglasses going to be
rocking these probably for the rest of
the time YouTube I'm just kidding these
are mine these are newbies and I
actually can't get to my camera right
now see what's going on all actually
wait a minute
they look like to get more driving they
can do
I can see but it's got a nauseating
looking at their looks not setting up
closely with the closer for a moment
these are calling on the kind of got
these are duties new lot so we're
heading on our way to slobber to get our
registration markets for the race
should be able to pick up a teacher in
there
family need to make like a whole thing
I'm saying I couldn't memory of I'm
looking very rough right now because
I've been recording vehicle they
literally just working non-stop
do this and have a dream present and
then we have skokie Ginny's
without being seen
this is
building is just yesterday we are
actually getting updates remember that
we did this last year and I feel like
like much faster
you like
my finger than
now
opinions on a record number going
packets and
[Music]
hello everybody k she is also running
should be awesome i'm going around
watching everybody
everyone out
I'm not
only because i have to you
hello
that water's
and i will provide
[Music]
[Music]
so guys I woke up this morning and it
was like literally probably the worst
thunderstorm we've had in ages and i
felt there's gonna be a tornado . the
wind was just like sideways and crazy
and things were flying everywhere and
that ended up meeting at this morning
the run got cancelled so we were able to
do the run . swing I got this text you
now I was still feeling pretty bad about
it because i really wanted to do the run
last year all great afterwards
I want to get especially like me
and then also the cause and godly
people
today that doesn't mean that this video
will in a little bit for you that
whatever i'm gonna put like a little
happy and the best you guys can check
that out and don't forget to want to
donate to that cause i'll probably to
the scripts now all the ad revenue from
this video will be going to that as well
so because of snaps that somebody will
be awesome thanks for watching the video
until next time