hello hello so a little while back i
discussed my eating disorder story and
that whole situation was kind of closely
related to my depression and
self-harming I let you guys know I would
be making a video about that I just
didn't know when or if you guys didn't
want to hear about it but so many of you
commented saying yes we'd love to hear
about your story like I seriously
related to your eating disorder story
and seriously just relate to you in
general please share your story with us
so I'm sitting down this evening and I'm
gonna film that for you I'm nervous i
don't know like I definitely never
phoneless before I rarely talked about
this a lot of the things i'm going to
share with you today I don't think any
single person on this planet knows very
few people know about this whole
situation at all i would appreciate if
you guys kept the negative comments to a
minimum
just something that's very personal and
that i am still trying to get
comfortable with but i know that a lot
of people are going to be able to relate
to this and I think what's important is
that I want to share is much of my life
with you guys is possible i don't want
to come across as this fake person who's
just automatically happy and
automatically confident and just get
everything she wants
I am a human being I've gone through
stuff I've been in hard situations I
don't want you guys to look at me just
youtuber or someone who makes videos for
entertainment want you guys to see me as
like an equal and someone who is simply
just like human because I'm just human
like I go through the same things on a
daily basis you guys do you know I wake
up and I have bad days or sad or super
happy because i edit my videos because
most videos are like eight minutes long
it's really hard to really know somebody
anyways that was like the longest intro
ever so I'm actually going to be sharing
with you my depression and self harm
story if you like to hear about that
just keep watching if you feel the need
to judge or you don't like these types
of stories you can access
don't go find a video that you do like
so I kind of struggled with emotions
starting in like fifth grade
normal things kids go through that
unfortunately our normal things like
bullying and just like being sad because
people are picking on that awkward age
did you get bullied unfortunately and I
went to a private christian school so
you wouldn't think that would happen did
I think my bullying stories the whole of
you i think just I have a lot of videos
to make let's just clarify that was fast
forward to roughly eight grades I should
just probably give me a little bit of
background info overlooked in for I
think I've mentioned this before not
like poverty level poor but not we
didn't have money
um we're poor and my grandparents both
my grandparents lived with us he lived
with us for like nine years
I loved that but it was really hard at
times because my grandma have so many
special needs again whole other story
but first my grandma passed away that
was really hard then my auntie was
killed by impaired driver few months
later told my grandpa and from there his
health just plummeted he had lost so
many of his children are any that this
was just like his breaking point where
he couldn't handle anymore he started
having seizures he lost so much weight
he kind of just his health just
disintegrated in front of our eyes like
it was just crazy so it was second last
day of school I was in eighth grade I
wasn't feeling good feeling sick so I
was staying home that day and I was home
alone
aside from my grandpa who is in his room
and I went to check on him because like
I love my grandpa and I always want to
be around him so i can check out to
check on him in his room and like he
went into a seizure and I had to like
you know helping through that and then
he asked me to help him go to the washer
so I helped him use the washer we
started having a seizure while he was
standing up and he collapsed onto the
floor instead of having a seizure and
once he was kind of out of it i had to
lift him up is a full-grown man
I had to lift him up with like all of my
strength and walking back to his room
and he laid on his bed and he just pop
this like look in his eye like he was so
scared and I remember just like talking
and um it's something I was just off of
that day he was really freaked out
almost like he knew he went into another
seizure and he was kind of in and out of
it and he looked at me and he said you
look like she internalizes said I'm
dying right now I'm dying
you need to understand that I'm dying
right now and that just like scared me
so bad arm sorry
so he explained that to me and I knew
that's what was happening it was just I
don't know how I knew and how he knew
but we just made eye contact and we we
just knew I just held his hand and like
was stroking his forehand saying it's
okay I'm right here with you like you're
like oh this is really hard to talk
about you just how you stroking his
forehead like time it's going to be okay
and right here with you i love you so
much you're like the best grandpa ever
like everything is ok like the sun is
shining
you know it's a nice summer day like
everything is okay and I'm just trying
to comfort him but like our audience I
was freaking out a new is dying i was
like what
13 14 and I didn't know how to handle
the situation but i just did like the
best that I could and he was like in and
out of a seizure
I called 911 because he's getting worse
and worse and always in a seizure and
he's kind of like suffocating and just
how is a lot so I called on animal they
told me did you sleep here on him
I barely knew CPR but I tried my hardest
again you know they told me to get him
off the bed and onto the floor and I
physically put it
so I like I don't know today both
tomorrow from leichhardt compressions
and stuff but it didn't work and that
that's what my depression started I
carry this weight on my shoulders for so
long and I thought I killed my Grandpop
like no matter who would tell me know
you did your best
like it wasn't your fault this time to
go like God wanted him to come home
whenever I was just like no you don't
understand if I would have got him off
the bed and onto the floor and probably
would have survived I just struggled
with that for so long and that like the
first first month or so I was just
mainly in shock and then it really
started to hit me what happened and it
just turned into depression on and off
you know i would try to tell myself know
you like you did your best
you did your best it's not your full and
then I would beat myself up over it and
you know people from school didn't they
didn't understand we continue to be like
assholes to me and they didn't
understand what I was struggling with
i'm sure other people are going through
depression like I was not the only one
but no one really understood what I was
going through and that continued into
high school and my depression never
really never really revolves around my
weight per say yes that was a part of it
but that wasn't the real reason and the
thing that bothered means everyone just
always assumed that was the reason I was
sad and that made it worse than that
made me sad because people thought that
and that's not like this side and no one
took the time to really get to the
bottom why I was sad I was sad because
of my way I was so
because I was there when my grandpa died
in my arms and I didn't know how to deal
with that on and I just always be made
myself about that so high school comes
around you know again up and ups and
down some of the best days of my life
some of the worst days of my life so far
high schools leg everything kind of just
collapsed and i discovered self-harming
and that's what my eating disorder also
started you know I was struggling with
two things one thing being you know the
typical teenage thanks and you don't
want to fit in and all of that stuff and
like eating disorder and then there's
this other thing like the depression and
just the guilt of my grandpa and just
like sadness anytime I would think about
it and I'm thinking about every night
before going to bed by struggling so
hard and I didn't know how to cope i
didn't know how to make the pain go wave
so I discovered self-harming then I
tried it for the first time and I hated
it I hated it so much I hated it until
the second time in the second times when
it became a way for me to deal with
everything and I wouldn't say it made my
emotional pain or guilt go away it just
redirected that energy into cutting
myself into physical pain know a lot of
people when they talk about self-harm
the reason why they did it was because
it was
the some form of controls or had control
over that's not really why I did it I
did it because it was something like
physical and you think of pain you think
physical and you want a physical
solution for an emotional problem and I
didn't have the tools for that so I took
it out on my body and cut myself and
that was like it
I hate thinking about it but that's what
I did didn't know how to deal with my
emotions you went through therapy and
that worked like I know a little bit I
it was nice to have someone to talk to
but I wouldn't say that's the reason why
I got better a lot of it again was guilt
I felt guilty because we can resolve my
mom mad and upset and I didn't want to
feel that guilt but also I had no other
way of taking out my pain and anger and
frustration and sadness I felt selfish
for doing it but that was the only thing
I had myself her main was on and off and
my therapy it was on and all my
happiness is on and off you know I made
up for all of my emotions i just wanted
to be the funny person i just would do
anything to get a laugh I didn't take
myself seriously I just I don't know I
just joked about everything to a point
where it was almost annoying because
it's just starving for attention and I
didn't know what else to do
like I didn't know how to control any of
my other emotion so I just needed to
feel wanted and when people were
laughing at something I'm saying we're
doing that made me feel wanted because I
was just so scared to be alone with my
own thoughts and to feel rejected and
being in that along spot i didn't know
how to deal with that and
I cut myself really bad like my whole
arms were just raw skin like no that's
graphic and gross but it was really
really bad inside my like that was the
real eye-opener for my mom it wasn't
just just sad wasn't just like typical
teenage problems like I was not a no
case spot in my life I wasn't happy i
always got asked the question but did
you really want to die and the answer
was no I didn't actually want to die I
thought in that moment that's what i
wanted and then when I really thought
about it know what I didn't want to die
but i did want to be really close to
that I wanted to be on the edge and I
got kind of used to being in that place
was comfortable to me like I that's
where I was at
I didn't feel comfortable in any other
spot and I didn't know how to be in any
other spot because for me it wasn't that
I wanted to be dead i just didn't want
to be living this life and I didn't
discover that and therapy I didn't
discover that any other place but when I
really started to think about it i
thought what if i actually did die and I
really just I don't know I did a lot of
self learning and self-discovery just
really having conversations with myself
in it and that's what I realize like I
didn't want to die and I'm so happy that
I did what I did was not really
determined that the cutting wood stock
that had to stop i would like look at my
calendar and say just go one day without
hurting yourself and i would accomplish
that and then I said those two days
without cutting yourself one week for
weeks to months to eventually I didn't
do any more and yes I had relapses I had
multiple relapses where I have to start
over again that was frustrating and I
was so mad at me
myself but I just told myself it's ok
you can always start again you know no
matter how many times you mess up you
always get another chance so I just I
don't know I got to a point where i was
so serious about it and that it was
something that was so important to me
that I just I just stopped like I just
really made sure each day that I wasn't
letting myself do that thing into that
thing was really no longer part of my
life that was such a good moment for me
when I realized I was like one year
without burning myself I was like good
job you can do this you don't need this
in your life anymore like it's done and
yes i still had thoughts about it like
don't get me wrong it's not like I never
had a single thought like I would have
such bad urges where I would just almost
be scratching my skin like looking at
you can't scratch but i'm so happy i got
myself out of that place
I don't think any amount of therapy or I
was never on medication
I refuse to take medication but you know
no matter medication or no merit of my
mom talking me and my friends talking to
me with change my situation I had to
want it for myself and that's when
things started to change and I broke
through self-harm and they broke through
depression and self-hatred and guilt and
sadness and all of these kinds of things
that I struggled with for so long until
a year ago I didn't know how to deal
with myself but again i decided to take
things one step at a time set little
goals for myself I counted my blessings
every single day I started just
appreciating little things you know the
fact that i'm able to breathe and that
there's you know sunshine outside those
are things to be thankful for and just
be happy that you get to experience and
just little reminders like that i think
it's very easy for people to judge me
being on the internet without knowing
anything
about me and i highly doubt those people
who just want to judge mary going to
watch this video but I think that gives
you just a tiny little microscopic look
into my life and what I'm going through
but yeah it's very easy to judge people
about knowing anything about them that
sucks but i just wanted to share that
with you guys
hopefully some of you can you know
relate and connect don't explain this
very well but that's that's nice story
yeah I really don't know if i have been
covered everything I might make another
video of her office even turned out well
I just had to I get out there and
explain it and yeah that's what's
important to me like if one person can
even benefit from what I said or
whatever then that's awesome i'm really
happy and that's what my intent is but
please if you're feeling suicidal or
you're hurting yourself or your sad
depressed we're going through any of
those things
please get help talk to your mom your
dad a friend or sister a teacher pastor
whoever it is like someone that you can
trust and talk to you please do that
because it's so important in getting
batteries just recognizing the problem
and seeking help i love you guys so much
and i'm always here if you need to talk
you can tell me an email and just know
that i seriously love you guys and I
hope you know where I'm coming from and
I just wanted to share that with you
anyways I will see you guys in my next