I'm always okay so I want to talk about
a serious subject that I think that I
need to address you know we're very
secure and feel that they have to punish
themselves and put themselves in a
depressed state depression is really
scary because you don't know if you're
gonna make it tomorrow impression just
means your product no just getting a hot
depression is a chronic mental illness
feeling of like extreme sadness and you
know lack of in chest so i'll tell you
guys my story and I can talk about it
you know I woke up I was always kind of
like a depressed kid growing up because
I just didn't know how to deal with my
emotions and you know if additional my
emotions it was just always like bad
growing up where I didn't know how to
control or deal with my emotions
everything got bottled in honor of my
symptoms of depression was you know I
would have these nightmares and night
traumas i would get a nightmare that I
was always like being murdered and I was
always running away from someone or
something and i also was not sleeping I
was having a songwriter so time is that
I was always just really really angry
and I didn't know what I was angry about
I had to go through therapy for right so
I went to the doctor and they prescribe
me time and hard depressant medication
and also some anxiety attack medically I
don't always have like negative thoughts
and you know I just wasn't interested in
anything I felt really lost confused and
you know afraid you know feeling
depressed is a choice but i wanted to
feel depressed so my doctor put me on
medication
oh god I was like more suicidal types of
hundred the medication was all just made
me work
I was just feeling extreme depression
and
and it got really scary and a lot of the
reasons why didn't like myself is
because how I looked at myself every day
in the mirror
it got so bad that you know one day I
woke up in the hospital with stitches on
my check
you know that God doesn't give you
anything you can handle and I was going
through depression for a reason and it
was a reason for me to look at myself
and change the way I thought of myself I
needed to control hollow feeling and be
able to deal with anger and you know
anchors routed from from sadness I
needed to find out why was that about
and i guess i was sad about the fact
because i didn't like the person that I
am
and the only way that's gonna change is
if I made the change i just wasted that
was a piece of shit let's just put it
that way you know the line is the best
muscle you can use because it just works
in so many mysterious ways and so I
started to get better of you know buying
all these like positivity books started
to steer my mind what if I thought this
way about myself then maybe it will come
true
I chose to believe every morning I told
myself okay every morning I'm gonna wake
up and I'm going to say today is gonna
be a good day today I'm gonna feel
stronger than yesterday sorry I'm crying
because it worked
you know I don't wish this on anyone not
even the devil you never know a lot
tomorrow you know tomorrow can you know
get hit by a car
plane crashes on your head or who knows
you know and you have to learn how to do
with your emotions and if you can't stop
to you are the changes so I was on
medication for like I don't know three
months before I said okay and what I
don't need this and I mean I don't need
to go to therapy because I already know
who i am i just need to deal with it
I just remember ready down all the bad
things I don't like about myself and I
started to think about the opposite
things that were good about myself and
focused on that and one of the things
that I had to change was my my fear my
fear of life and all the therapist told
me that before you go to bed every night
think of the great things that happened
to you
that day and I got to know myself better
and now I know myself too well
oh you know as I got to know myself
better you know I realize I'm not gonna
protect all right it's okay to live so
now I've been five months silver
depression and it was good life is way
better up on this side of the fence so
the next time life hits me with the
lemon on the head bent on making
margaritas
ok so the next time you know I feel a
little sad or depressed I just turn on
the TV watch the real housewives and
laugh about stupid people with money and
I when I get mad and pissy about
something you know throughout my day I'm
like bitch
snap out of it now I think I have a
better control of my emotions
whenever I get angry blow on proportion
i just stop and think is this worth the
right call
there's much bigger problems in this
world better than me
what am I mad about my life I mean I am
so blessed each and every day I tell
myself I'm hopeless
ok because at the same time I have you
guys to support me and you know one of
my biggest goals on youtube was to never
be famous or to never have it all done
nice things or any of that I just wanted
to his fire people who were just like
meat youtube is the one thing i'm so
proud about myself my helps me to have
tougher skin it made me realize to not
be afraid of people
hey I've been called every name in the
freakin book here online you know but
whatever you know I'm learning to pick
my own battles now yeah I may have my
bitch moment smaller where you know on
yelling at the gardener I've learned not
to focus on petty things you know in
life you get what you give what you get
you get what you give
next time somebody is negative 2 your
words mean or whatever best kind of
revenge is fine i should life is short
and I those kids were not be smoking pot
and I are these college kids parked on
the street
oh yeah my tattoo healed I wanted it to
heal before I'm i showed you guys but I
gotta tattoo at house
okay i don't know but thank you my gel
for giving me you tied to my grandmas
were special kind of short for you but
it's a back last time and it says not a
media will be glad I guess 2 2013 and so
yeah I hope that can help one of you
guys going through it that you don't
have to go through depression it's a
choice anyways good luck to all of you
and I wish all up
thank you for listening